README.md, before:

# Pool Website

Professional pool service websites built with modern web technologies.

## Projects

### Complete Pool Care

A premium pool service and repair website for Complete Pool Care, serving Scottsdale, Paradise Valley, Fountain Hills, Cave Creek, and North Phoenix since 1988.

**Features:**
- 🎨 Modern, responsive design with dark mode support
- ♿ WCAG 2.1 Level AA accessibility compliance
- 🔍 Comprehensive SEO optimization with structured data
- 📱 Mobile-first, touch-friendly interface
- 🚀 Fast performance with optimized assets
- 🎯 Conversion-optimized CTAs and contact forms
- 🗺️ Google Maps address autocomplete integration

**Tech Stack:**
- React 19
- TypeScript
- Vite
- Tailwind CSS
- Framer Motion
- Lucide React Icons

**Location:** `complete-pool-care/`

---

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites
- Node.js 18+ 
- npm or yarn

### Installation

```bash
# Navigate to project directory
cd complete-pool-care

# Install dependencies
npm install

# Start development server
npm run dev

# Build for production
npm run build
```

### Development

The development server runs on `http://localhost:5173` by default.

### Deployment

Build the production bundle:
```bash
npm run build
```

The optimized files will be in the `dist/` directory, ready for deployment to any static hosting service (Vercel, Netlify, GitHub Pages, etc.).

---

## SEO & Accessibility

All websites in this repository follow:
- ✅ WCAG 2.1 Level AA accessibility standards
- ✅ Schema.org structured data
- ✅ Open Graph and Twitter Card meta tags
- ✅ Mobile-first responsive design
- ✅ Performance optimization best practices

---

## License

© 2026 Complete Pool Care. All rights reserved.

---

## Contact

For inquiries about Complete Pool Care:
- 📞 Phone: 480-948-2001
- 📧 Email: mypool@mycompletepoolcare.net
- 🌐 Website: https://www.mycompletepoolcare.net

Commit message:

Update README with Google Maps API key deployment instructions

README.md, after:

# Pool Website

Professional pool service websites built with modern web technologies.

## Projects

### Complete Pool Care

A premium pool service and repair website for Complete Pool Care, serving Scottsdale, Paradise Valley, Fountain Hills, Cave Creek, and North Phoenix since 1988.

**Features:**
- 🎨 Modern, responsive design with dark mode support
- ♿ WCAG 2.1 Level AA accessibility compliance
- 🔍 Comprehensive SEO optimization with structured data
- 📱 Mobile-first, touch-friendly interface
- 🚀 Fast performance with optimized assets
- 🎯 Conversion-optimized CTAs and contact forms
- 🗺️ Google Maps address autocomplete integration

**Tech Stack:**
- React 19
- TypeScript
- Vite
- Tailwind CSS
- Framer Motion
- Lucide React Icons

**Location:** `complete-pool-care/`

---

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites
- Node.js 18+ 
- npm or yarn

### Installation

```bash
# Navigate to project directory
cd complete-pool-care

# Install dependencies
npm install

# Start development server
npm run dev

# Build for production
npm run build
```

### Development

The development server runs on `http://localhost:5173` by default.

### Deployment

Build the production bundle:
```bash
npm run build
```

The optimized files will be in the `dist/` directory, ready for deployment to any static hosting service (Vercel, Netlify, GitHub Pages, etc.).

**IMPORTANT:**
This project requires the `VITE_GOOGLE_MAPS_API_KEY` environment variable to be set in your deployment environment (e.g., Vercel Project Settings) for the Google Maps address autocomplete feature to work correctly.

---

## SEO & Accessibility

All websites in this repository follow:
- ✅ WCAG 2.1 Level AA accessibility standards
- ✅ Schema.org structured data
- ✅ Open Graph and Twitter Card meta tags
- ✅ Mobile-first responsive design
- ✅ Performance optimization best practices

---

## License

© 2026 Complete Pool Care. All rights reserved.

---

## Contact

For inquiries about Complete Pool Care:
- 📞 Phone: 480-948-2001
- 📧 Email: mypool@mycompletepoolcare.net
- 🌐 Website: https://www.mycompletepoolcare.net
